add explanation about overwriting behaviour (#12464)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/spancategorizer.mdx

to predict at most one true class for a span, then use `spancat_singlelabel`. It
uses a `Softmax` layer and treats the task as a multi-class problem.

> Predicted spans will be saved in a [`SpanGroup`](/api/spangroup) on the `doc.spans["spans_key"]`,
> where `"spans_key"` can be specified for the component.

Reviewer: Something more like this (plus formatting):

```suggestion
Predicted spans will be saved in a [`SpanGroup`](/api/spangroup) on the doc under `doc.spans[spans_key]`,
where `spans_key` is a component config setting.
```

(In other places we have `Doc.spans[spans_key]`, maybe this should be made consistent, too.)

> Individual span scores are stored in `spangroup.attrs["scores"]`.

Reviewer: I also think that `spangroup` here might be a little unclear, maybe:

```suggestion
Individual span scores are stored in `doc.spans[spans_key].attrs["scores"]`.
```

Reviewer: (And format!)

be saved in `SpanGroup.attrs["scores"]`.

`spans_key` defaults to `"sc"`, but can be passed as a parameter.

> If spans are already stored in the provided `"spans_key"` the `spancat` component will
> overwrite the existing ones.

Reviewer: No quotes on `"spans_key"`, I think just focus on "always overwrites".

```suggestion
The `spancat` component will overwrite any existing spans under the spans key `doc.spans[spans_key]`.
```
